Docs update (#73)
solidity-labs-io/forge-proposal-simulator: docs/fundamentals/getting-set-up.md

Reviewer: let's merge Getting Set Up with Introduction and get rid of the Fundamentals section, as the Compatibility section is no longer valid.

-   [Multisig Proposal](../guides/multisig-proposal.md)
-   [Timelock Proposal](../guides/timelock-proposal.md)
-   [Bravo Proposal](../guides/governor-bravo-proposal.md)
-   [Governor OZ proposal](../guides/governor-oz-proposal.md)

## Step 5: Run Proposal and Tests

> For guidance, documentation, and examples of how to create and simulate a proposal, refer to the [Guides](../guides/introduction.md) and [Integration Tests](../testing/integration-tests.md) sections. These explain the [Governor Bravo Proposal](https://github.com/solidity-labs-io/fps-example-repo/src/proposals/simple-vault-bravo/BravoProposal_01.sol), [Multisig Proposal](https://github.com/solidity-labs-io/fps-example-repo/simple-vault-multisig/src/proposals/MultisigProposal_01.sol), [Timelock Proposal](https://github.com/solidity-labs-io/fps-example-repo/src/proposals/simple-vault-timelock/TimelockProposal_01.sol) and [Governor OZ proposal](https://github.com/solidity-labs-io/fps-example-repo/src/proposals/simple-vault-governor-oz/GovernorOZProposal_01.sol) contracts from the [fps-example-repo](https://github.com/solidity-labs-io/fps-example-repo). The example repository contains other snippets and usage guides demonstrating each of the proposal types in the forge-proposal-simulator repo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For guidance, documentation, and examples of how to create and simulate a proposal, refer to the [Guides](../guides/introduction.md) and [Integration Tests](../testing/integration-tests.md) sections. These explain the [Governor Bravo Proposal](https://github.com/solidity-labs-io/fps-example-repo/src/proposals/simple-vault-bravo/BravoProposal_01.sol), [Multisig Proposal](https://github.com/solidity-labs-io/fps-example-repo/simple-vault-multisig/src/proposals/MultisigProposal_01.sol), [Timelock Proposal](https://github.com/solidity-labs-io/fps-example-repo/src/proposals/simple-vault-timelock/TimelockProposal_01.sol) and [Governor OZ proposal](https://github.com/solidity-labs-io/fps-example-repo/src/proposals/simple-vault-governor-oz/GovernorOZProposal_01.sol) contracts from the [fps-example-repo](https://github.com/solidity-labs-io/fps-example-repo). The example repository contains other snippets and usage guides demonstrating each proposal type built-in FPS.
```

## Step 5: Run proposal and Tests

> For guidance and best practices on how to create and simulate a proposal, refer to the [Guides](../guides/introduction.md) and [Integration Tests](../testing/integration-tests.md) sections. These guides explain the [BravoProposal_01](https://github.com/solidity-labs-io/fps-example-repo/src/proposals/BravoProposal_01.sol), [MultisigProposal_01](https://github.com/solidity-labs-io/fps-example-repo/src/proposals/MultisigProposal_01.sol), [TimelockProposal_01](https://github.com/solidity-labs-io/fps-example-repo/src/proposals/TimelockProposal_01.sol) contracts from the [fps-example-repo](https://github.com/solidity-labs-io/fps-example-repo). Additionally, there are more examples for each of the proposal types on the repo.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For guidance, documentation and examples of how to create and simulate a proposal, refer to the [Guides](../guides/introduction.md) and [Integration Tests](../testing/integration-tests.md) sections. These explain the [Governor Bravo Proposal](https://github.com/solidity-labs-io/fps-example-repo/src/proposals/BravoProposal_01.sol), [Multisig Proposal](https://github.com/solidity-labs-io/fps-example-repo/src/proposals/MultisigProposal_01.sol), [Timelock Proposal](https://github.com/solidity-labs-io/fps-example-repo/src/proposals/TimelockProposal_01.sol), contracts from the [fps-example-repo](https://github.com/solidity-labs-io/fps-example-repo). The example repository contains other snippets and usage guides demonstrating each of the proposal types on the forge-proposal-simulator repo.
```
